add link to new http3 config in migration (#10673)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/migration/v2-to-v3.md

##### Remediation

The `http3` option should be removed from the static configuration experimental section.

> To enable `http3` again, see [entrypoint configuration](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/entrypoints/#http3_1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable `http3`, please check out the [entrypoint configuration documentation](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/entrypoints/#http3_1).
```

> To enable `http3` again, see [entrypoint configuration](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/entrypoints/#http3_1).

Reviewer 2: Hey @yyewolf,

Thank you for your contribution.
However, configuring HTTP/3 on the Entrypoints was already required in v2, the experimental flag allowed to enable the feature and configure it.
For such a reason, I propose the following modification:
```suggestion
To configure `http3, see [entrypoint configuration](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/v3.0/routing/entrypoints/#http3_1).
```
